[Feature] Block Tunes API (#1596)
codex-team/editor.js: docs/block-tunes.md

> # Tools for the Inline Toolbar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Block Tunes
```

Similar with [Tools](tools.md) represented Blocks, you can create Block Tunes and connect it to particular Tool or for all Tools.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Block Tunes allows you to set any additional options to Blocks. For example, with corresponded Block Tunes you can mark Block as «spoiler», give it an anchor, set a background, and so on.

```

## Base structure

> Tune's class should have a `isTune` property (static getter) set tu `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tune's class should have the `isTune` property (static getter) set to `true`.
```

> Block Tune must implement render method which returns an HTML Element inserted to block settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Block Tune must implement the `render()` method which returns an HTML Element that will be appended to the Block Settings panel.
```

| data | Saved Tune data |

---

### render(): HTMLElement

Method that returns button to append to the block settings area

#### Parameters

Method does not accept any parameters

#### Return value

type | description |
-- | -- |
`HTMLElement` | element that will be added to the block settings area |

---

### wrap(blockContent: HTMLElement): HTMLElement

Method that accepts Block's content and wrap it with your own layout.
Might be useful if you want to modify Block appearance.

```javascript
class Tune {
    wrap(blockContent) {
        const myWrapper = document.createElement('div');

        myWrapper.append(blockContent);

        return myWrapper;
    }
}
```

#### Parameters

name | type | description |
-- |-- | -- |
blockContent | HTMLElement | Block's content (might be wrapped by other Tunes) |

#### Return value

| type | description |
| -- | -- |
| HTMLElement | Your element that wraps block content |

---

### save()

Method should return Tune's state you want to save to Editor's output

#### Parameters

No parameters

#### Return value

type | description |
-- | -- |
`any` | any data you want to save |

---

### static prepare()

> If you need to prepare some data for Tune (eg. load external script, create HTML nodes in the document, etc) you can use static prepare method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to prepare some data for Tune (eg. load external script, create HTML nodes in the document, etc) you can use the static `prepare()` method.
```
